chore: prepare to release the one-time token feature (#7253)
logto-io/logto: .changeset/gorgeous-apricots-breathe.md

---
"@logto/integration-tests": minor
"@logto/experience": minor
"@logto/core": minor
---

add one-time token verification method to support magic link authentication

> Application developers can now use the "one-time token" to compose magic links, and send them to the end user's email.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can now use the "one-time token" to compose magic links, and send them to the end user's email.
```

With a magic link, one can register a new account or sign in directly to the application, without the need to enter a password, or input verification codes.

You can also use magic link to invite users to your organizations.

### Example API request to create a one-time token

```bash
POST /api/one-time-tokens
```

Request payload:

> ```json

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```jsonc
```
